I think it's about time I told all of you...
about Roana's future, and
about my own boring past.
I am the older brother of the
current king, Luke Seeker...
Will Seeker.
What?!
So that man...
was Grandpa Will?
So you're going to tell us
what the king's older brother
is doing here in Roana?
Of course. I intend to.
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
The Villainess and the Past
I was born as the first
son of the previous king.
My mother died shortly
after giving birth to me.
Most children my age would be
spending time with their mothers,
but I was devoting myself
to the study of magic,
and by the age of ten, I'd reached level 80.
My! Your Highness is truly a prodigy!
No. Those charged with leading a country
are expected to possess even greater power.
I can do this!
That's... a level 100 spell?!
Yes! That's it!
Oh, no!
I-I can't control it!
My life was spared, but my
capacity to use magic was not.
One year after that, Luke was born.
Is it acceptable for a low-ranking noble who
isn't even married to give birth in the castle?
Apparently, it was a special exception
in order to produce an heir.
Given that Prince Will is... you know...
Yes, he can't be the next
king if he can't use magic.
I congratulate you on your
coronation, Your Majesty.
Don't talk like that, my brother.
Father has told me that it is my
job to support you at all times.
I can confidently say that I have
studied sufficiently to do so.
There's no one as wise as you anywhere.
I'll be counting on you.
Now, let us begin.
Please assist me in making policy,
my three most trusted sages.
My friends and I did the
thinking about the government,
and Luke would give his approval.
For a while, it was all going very well.
Brother, a moment.
Brother, about these documents...
Oh, you read them?
In order to advance our kingdom further,
rulership should be divided between
the Five Great Noble Families.
If you read that, then you
understand everything.
Yes... but I can't approve this.
Huh?
The negative effects of such a division
of power would be too great.
That's what my mother said,
and I agree with her.
All right. I'll work some
more on the policy and—
Just stop!
Wh-What's the matter?
I've made up my mind that
I won't approve this!
I don't want you telling me
what's right and wrong anymore!
You're not even the king!
That was the last time I ever saw Luke.
Will Seeker!
You are to be exiled immediately
for plotting to kill the king!
That can't be! I'd never do such a thing!
Rain?
Hey, man, what'd you do?
Where am I? I-Is there no light at all?
Looks like you had your eyes gouged out.
If they tossed you out
here in Roana like that,
you must've done something pretty bad.
You told me once before
about someone who overestimated
their own magic and came to ruin.
It was my own foolish conceit.
That doesn't mean you deserved to be framed!
But wait... would anyone really just
kick the king's brother out like that?
There is no existing
record of my banishment.
The official story is that I went missing.
Only Luke's mother, who planned it all,
and a handful of others know the truth.
Why would they do that?
Luke's mother doted on him in extremes.
I must have been no more
than an annoyance to her.
Does the king know about all this?
No, I believe Luke thinks I went missing.
If he did, wouldn't he try to find you?
Luke probably already hated me by then.
He adored his mother,
as well, so even more so.
No one came looking for you at all?
The three nobles that I worked with...
They would have searched
for me if they could have,
but I heard they were banished to Laval.
The fact that you've told us about your past
means you're ready to talk to
the king in person, doesn't it?
Precisely. I must see Luke.
A criminal from Roana?!
It'll never work!
There's no record of him
committing any crime.
No one can argue if he asserts
that it was a false charge.
Forcing innocent people to
live here all their lives
just because they happened
to be born here is wrong.
I will tell Luke that it should be set free.
Set this village... free?
Yes.
But if I do see Luke, the first
thing I want to do is apologize.
To someone who didn't even try to find you?
I failed to respect his pride as king.
I thought I was giving my all for the kingdom,
but once again, I was just being conceited.
The king may be wishing he
could apologize to you, too.
Well, that would be nice.
First, there is someone I must contact.
Who?
Alicia...
Yes?
It's thanks to you that I was
able to feel this way.
I'm grateful.
There's no need for that.
I might just be seducing you so I can
take over this village, you know.
I wouldn't even mind it if you were.
I was really surprised to hear his story.
Why tell us now, though?
I think he's resolved himself to face
his past so he can set Roana free.
That's why he told us all about the part
of his past that he'd kept hidden.
Resolved...
The reformation of the village
is moving ahead, isn't it?
Like the vigilante corps.
Yeah. It's totally different
from when I lived there.
Because all the villagers
trust Grandpa Will.
He's trying to live up to their
trust by opening a new path.
He's amazing. And so are all the others, too.
That's right, they are.
I should learn from them.
Miss Alicia!
Can I help you?
Well, you see, we really like you...
And we hate Liz!
She's a mere commoner,
but batting her eyelashes got her
onto the student council.
Is she some kind of temptress?
You agree, don't you, Miss Alicia?
I don't like that you're goading
me into agreeing with you.
She got into the student council
because of her exceptional talent.
B-But, you're always arguing
against Liz's opinions...
Because her ideas and
mine aren't compatible.
I willingly acknowledge
her talents, however.
I-Isn't her goody-two-shoes
act so annoying, though?
It's infuriating how everyone fawns
over her even though she's a commoner!
If you have a problem with her, why
don't you complain to her about it?
And one other thing.
The boy at my side is a commoner as well,
but he's more brilliant than you three.
I like clever commoners much
more than stupid nobles.
All I did was smile at
them, and they ran away!
My villainess points just went up again!
I'll Become a Villainess
Who Goes Down in History
Make us look more appealing!
Get serious!
We're pretty good-looking, aren't we?
No wonder the girls won't leave us alone.
Classes are over!
Liz, wanna go out for tea or something?
Sure.
Miss Liz...
What are you doing here?
Um...
I hadn't apologized to Miss Liz yet for
the trouble I caused the other day...
An apology made of empty
words is meaningless!
Wait.
I'm the one who should apologize.
Jane, I'm sorry.
It's my fault you did what you did.
If only I'd had my act together...
You're too kind, Miss Liz.
I'm really not.
That's why I want all of you
to stop condemning Jane.
If you say so, Liz.
We'll get back on track with tea time.
Yes, let's do that.
Would you like to join us, Jane?
Miss Liz...
Don't take advantage of Liz's kindness.
If you want to make it up to her,
never associate yourself with her again.
What are you looking at?!
We have something to tell you, Miss Liz.
Alicia!
There you are!
Well, well. Shall we head home together?
We don't have time for that!
We've got a mess on our hands again.
A mess?!
Just come with me.
Trouble is exactly what I want!
Ali-Ali's about to show us what she can do!
How long have you been there?!
The whole time, but that
doesn't even matter!
I can't miss seeing Ali-Ali
be her badass self!
I'll go get my master, too!
No, wait! He can't keep
his cool when Ali is...
She's a slippery one, for sure.
Well, let's go.
That's not the direction
they take home, is it?
Is there some kind of
quarrel going on again?
You're going?
Should be a lot more entertaining
than playing catch.
Well, I'm here. Be grateful.
Alicia, dear...
Yes?
These girls told me that you were
saying mean things about me.
Excuse me?
But there's no proof, so
I wanted to ask you in person.
I had Henri bring you here.
We know what we heard! That's the proof!
Yeah, that's right!
Could you be any more rude?!
If you're trying to set me up,
at least use something like that
Earth Magic again, not just lies.
There's nothing fun about this otherwise.
Alicia, dear...
Can I take that to mean you weren't
saying mean things about me?
Yes.
Okay. I believe what you say.
Miss Liz! You don't believe us?!
She was insulting you with
the most utterly foul language!
Oh, dear. I almost feel sorry for her.
So, hey...
Are you sure you three weren't
the ones saying nasty stuff?
Master Finn! Where in
the world is this coming from?
Finn, explain that so I can understand.
Okay, well... to keep it super brief,
those three were saying mean
things about Liz to Alicia,
and Alicia didn't give them the time of day.
That's all I saw with my own eyes.
The rest of this is just speculation,
but I think they got mad when Alicia called
them out, so they tried to trap her.
Those insults were probably
their genuine opinions.
In other words, I think they
were using Liz to set up Alicia.
They're dumb and rotten to the core!
Don't point at people.
'Kay!
Talk about boring, though.
I came to see Ali-Ali be badass,
but they lost all on their own.
They can't even pull off victimhood right!
That's enough.
As the villainess, I should do
something to move things along.
Hey, you stupid girls.
Do you think someone will come
to your rescue if you cry?
To do something so vulgar and cowardly
without being prepared to suffer for it...
You're less than trash.
Did you just say "trash"?
Yes, maybe these girls did something wrong,
but calling them trash is too much!
Oh, how very moving.
Are you making fun of me?
No, I'm impressed!
I wouldn't have it in me to defend some
less-than-trash girls who insulted me!
That's enough!
Can't you comprehend Liz's
kindness and strength at all?!
Now, what brought this on?
Liz is trying to protect these girls!
Trying to protect nobles, even though
they dislike her, is what Liz does!
How do you protect someone with just words?
It's not just words!
That time when a wild wolf
showed up at the academy,
Liz protected us all, even
though she was trembling!
She has the courage to conquer fear!
Huh? A wild wolf?
Yeah! What of it?
How does an animal that doesn't even
live in Durkis show up at this academy?
What difference does that make right now?!
I've lost interest.
You're running away?!
Eric.
You went and said too much.
Alicia... I guess you and
I really can't be...
Commoners are so useless.
I agree. From now on, I'm putting
my trust in Liz the Saint.
You two are exactly right.
They don't even realize they're
contradicting themselves?
That's definitely weird.
Good grief.
I was wrong to expect
a more compelling quarrel.
Oh, by the way, Alicia...
What is it?
The story about the wolf is true.
It happened while you were in that shed.
What? Even though wolves only live in Laval?
I know it sounds crazy, but it's true.
Which means there's a chance
it was planted by Laval.
Why would they do that? We have no
diplomatic relations with them.
What if they were probing the Saint?
If she's true to the legend,
she could be a threat to them.
Well, I guess it's possible...
but isn't that kind of a big leap?
Sending a wolf is a pretty evil thing to do.
I could use that as a reference for
how to be a better villainess!
Why get any better than you already are?
I want to face Liz on a much higher level.
Even what happened today was
no different from usual.
The villainess I admired
before I reincarnated here
was a noble, strong-minded woman
who always stayed true to herself.
Alicia
The most important thing is discipline. What more is there to say to a commoner who fails to uphold that?
I've had enough of your lip service.
I think I've gotten closer to that,
but I'm still far from a villainess
who'll go down in history.
And yet Grandpa Will has steeled his
resolve to take a step forward...
I need to move forward, too.
I'm borrowing Alicia.
Huh?
Wh-What is this place?
It's my personal hideout within the academy.
Well, that's a prince for you.
He has his own private room in the academy.
Alicia, leave my uncle—leave
Will Seeker to me.
Huh? How do you...
I've tried to go to Roana, too.
Even before you did.
That village's circumstances
really should be rectified.
I kept occasional contact with
my uncle for that purpose.
I... had no idea...
In that case, Prince Duke, do you know about
Grandpa Will's friends from long ago?
W-Wall slam?!
You don't need to know about all this.
Don't waste your time thinking about Laval.
What? But...
I want you to think only about me.
U-Um...
I want to lock you up.
I am my only master.
I won't let anyone take away my freedom.
So you won't be a bird in a cage, eh?
Just how obsessed with you
do you want me to be?
Th...
That was way too close!